Fix DataGrid - exportToPdf (#241)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ExportToPDF/description.md

> Our [DataGrid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/) allows you to easily and accurately export its contents to PDF. To enable the export operation, you must reference or import the <a href="https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF" target="_blank">jsPDF</a> library to export data and the <a href="https://github.com/simonbengtsson/jsPDF-AutoTable" target="_blank">jsPDF-AutoTable</a> plugin to create tables in exported files.

Reviewer: > **To enable** ... import jsPDF **to export data** ...

Not so good. How about a list?

```suggestion
Our [DataGrid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/) allows you to easily and accurately export its contents to PDF. To enable the export operation, you must reference or import the following:

- <a href="https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF" target="_blank">jsPDF</a>        
A library that exports grid data.
- <a href="https://github.com/simonbengtsson/jsPDF-AutoTable" target="_blank">jsPDF-AutoTable</a>        
A plugin that creates tables in exported files.
```

> Once you've referenced/imported `jsPDF`, call the **DevExpress**.**pdfExporter**.**exportDataGrid(options)** method to export **DataGrid** content to PDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've referenced/imported all the required resources, call the **DevExpress**.**pdfExporter**.**exportDataGrid(options)** method to export **DataGrid** content to PDF.
```

Our [DataGrid](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/) allows you to easily and accurately export its contents to PDF. To enable the export operation, you must reference or import the following:

- <a href="https://github.com/MrRio/jsPDF" target="_blank">jsPDF</a>        
A library that exports grid data.
- <a href="https://github.com/simonbengtsson/jsPDF-AutoTable" target="_blank">jsPDF-AutoTable</a>        
A plugin that creates tables in exported files.

> Once you've referenced/imported all the required resources, call the **DevExpress**.**pdfExporter**.**exportDataGrid(options)** method to export **DataGrid** content to PDF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have referenced/imported all the required resources, call the **DevExpress**.**pdfExporter**.**exportDataGrid(options)** method to export **DataGrid** content to PDF.
```
